style: add PR checklist (#237)
Kong/terraform-provider-konnect: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> ### Summary

Author: If this is fine, i'll raise same PR for other providers - with some specific items in checklist for each (for example, beta provider shouldn't have features still in development).

  
### Issues resolved
-

### Related PRs on platform-api (if any)
-

### Checklist ✅ 

> - [ ] Clean commit history (reset to `main` and `chery-pick` if necessary)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Clean commit history (reset to the current release (`release/x.y.z`) and `git cherry-pick` if necessary)
```
